Before attending college, I did not have exposure to or knowledge of computer science, information technology, or any of the foundational aspects of the tech industry. Because of this lack of experience, I had to search deeper, and push myself harder to connect what I was learning in school to my own personal identity and lived experience. I often felt that I did not belong to my major, Human Centered Design and Engineering, or to any specific academic community. In spring quarter of my second year at UW, I enrolled in a DXARTS class. Even though it was outside of my major and would not fill any specific requirements that I need to graduate, I enrolled simply because the topic was of interest to me and I was seeking an opportunity to explore and learn. This class was called E-textiles & Wearables for Art & Design and was taught by Afroditi Psarra. I immediately connected with both the subject matter and the people. This transformative class helped me feel like I belonged; I was in a space where learning to code and use technology became creative and collaborative instead of competitive. I spent hours in the studio after class working on both my designs and my code, not out of necessity but out of a determination and excitement to learn. Through hands-on experience this class taught me how to code through the use of soft circuits and e-textiles. This class taught me not only how to make computer science and language applicable to myself and my experiences but reaffirmed a core belief of mine that every individual has a different learning style that is unique to themselves; I found that I learn best through making, creating, and using my hands. Whether it be a personal art project, engaging in activism in my community, building circuits out of unconventional materials, or creating an interactive device to help encourage design awareness, I began to feel deeply connected to my work both academically and personally. This class was a catalyst for me in building both my academic and creative confidence. After finishing this class I found several new directions to explore the intersection of politics, design, and technology. With several of my peers, I organized and participated in an E-textiles fashion show in Pioneer Square. I have also become the lead graphic designer for UW Sustainability, where our designs promote many campus-wide environmental events throughout the year. More recently, I joined a research group with a small number of other HCDE students to explore and promote design awareness. As advocates for design, we work to understand the design process and how we can better integrate design awareness into our own creative processes as well as supporting the growth of others. Through this group I am now a co-author of the technical report “What the Hell is Water? Exploring Connections between Design Process, Design Doing, and Design Awareness.” In addition, I am also currently working on a web application to help users track and become more conscious of their own design processes. This research group has been crucial in establishing a direct connection between what I am studying in my classes and my creative projects outside of academia. But perhaps even more importantly, my research group has connected me to other students in my major and has given me a true sense of community and belonging. The DXARTS class has also prompted me to become more involved in creative endeavors outside of my academic experience. I recently created a short film with a friend that playfully explored the city that we live in and the people that surround us. I have also begun a small online business making laser cut acrylic jewelry a “by-product” skill I acquired through may hours of trial and error at the E-textiles studio. This past quarter, I enrolled in another class that required the understanding and application of other computer programming languages, specifically Python and HTML (HCDE 310). Despite my difficulty in CSE 142, the previous spring, I have grown to understand coding’s relevance to my goals its relevance in our society. I want to be taken seriously in the workplace, engage in the exchange of ideas, and have the opportunity to create meaningful change. I know that as a queer mixed-race woman, it is imperative to my personal success that I have command of creative coding and creative technologies in order to best prepare and empower myself to actualize my ideas. Although I may not be as adept in my coding abilities as I would like, I used this recent class experience in HCDE 310 as a way to push myself beyond what I thought I was capable. I tapped into my recently found technical confidence. I realized that if I want to inspire change, I first need to be an inspiration to myself. I need to continue to surprise myself and push myself. I took this class as an opportunity to use academic knowledge and what I am learning in the classroom to pursue the things that I am passionate about. For my HCDE 310 final project I created a web application that combines topics and keywords from the NYT’s article of the day with the Metropolitan Art Museum (MET) gallery and art collection. My intent with this project was to create a more accessible and digestible way for users to access art while simultaneously connecting art to real world issues. I not only created the NYT x MET web application, but used my interest in animation and video art to create a video that displayed the application’s functions and highlighted its features. I surprised myself with what I was capable of coding and finished the quarter with a final project that I was really proud of and empowered by. This experience reinforced the fact that I feel most fulfilled when I am creating whether that be physically or digitally. Using my analytical skills, my drive to make, and the design thinking strategies I have developed, I know that I will be able to inspire positive change in my community. Outside of my classes I continue to work as a graphic designer for UW Sustainability which enables me to explore more aspects of design through the creation of print and digital media surrounding critical issues of the environment and social resilience. In addition to my graphic design work, my part-time job in a local coffee shop has taught me much about owning and running a small business, interacting with customers and co-workers of many different backgrounds, and what it means to be a leader in the community. One day I hope to run a business of my own in order to engage directly with others and bring positive change to the communities that have supported me. Regardless of my final destination, I strive to create a space that is safe, inclusive, and supportive of anyone who needs it; a space that inspires creativity whatever that may mean to an individual. 